= Introduction

This is a simple gem for Ruby on Rails that makes file names of paperclip[https://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip] 
attachments URL's browser friendly by stripping any strange characters.

It attempts to do following operations on file name:

* transliterate string by using iconv standard transliteration functions,
* change string's case to downcase,
* remove apostrophes and quotes,
* replace any non-letter or non-number character with a space,
* remove spaces from beginning and end of string,
* replace groups of spaces with single hyphen.

If result is an empty string, it computes MD5 hash of the original string.

It also adds new method String#strip_strange_characters so you can use stripping
feature in any other context. It takes two boolean arguments:

* ignore - indicates if characters that cannot be transliterated should be ignored,
* hash - indicates if MD5 hash should be computed in case of empty result.
  
== Code samples

Here comes a quick code sample. Currently no docs.

=== Paperclip

  class Person < ActiveRecord::Base
    has_attachment :photo
    before_post_process :strip_strange_characters_from_attachments
  end
  
It is enough to call this callback once as it affects all attachments of the
model. Currently there's no way to define callback for selected attachments.

=== Standalone

  1.9.3-p194 :001 > "ąqwertÓŁ".strip_strange_characters
   => "qwert" 
  1.9.3-p194 :002 > "it's coffee time".strip_strange_characters
   => "its-coffee-time" 
  1.9.3-p194 :003 > "ABCD_EFGH".strip_strange_characters
   => "abcd-efgh" 

= Installation

=== Ruby Versions

Code was tested with ruby-1.9.3-p194 [ amd64 ] under RVM.

=== Gems

The gems are hosted at Rubygems.org[http://rubygems.org]. Make sure you're
using the latest version of rubygems:

  $ gem update --system

Then you can install the gem as follows:

  $ gem install paperclip-strip-strange-characters

=== Bundler

Add to your Gemfile:

  gem "paperclip-strip-strange-characters", "~> 0.0.1"

and then type:

  bundle install

=== From the GitHub source

The source code is available at https://github.com/saepia/paperclip-strip-strange-characters.
You can either clone the git repository or download a tarball or zip file.
Once you have the source, you can unpack it and use from wherever you downloaded.

= ChangeLog

=== 0.0.1

* Initial release
